hi my name is Richie I'm from Chicago I
live out here in Los Angeles
give me these gloves are absurd
occasionally news rep okay use bows for
what's the news rep and what they need
are key some negative the racks
sometimes it actually leaves calluses
like around my wrists another bitch okay
and it rubs man is sometimes it's really
tight where it makes me really
uncomfortable by just a little it
actually hurts a little bit the
pressures too much
and is it annoying to take on and off
yeah sometimes special to the bathroom
to stuff I have
there's more secure okay as opposed to
not using this but there's no pressure
on my wrists
oh great and then you think about we do
more like bowl
okay like I'm using my forums is
how does that feel that's good yeah I
don't feel like my hands are up this is
very much work okay yeah it was good
good this I don't feel actually like I'm
hold on to the bar as much like just
using my hands as hooks locked in place
they're gonna squeeze with my back right
and you got it's not you got everybody
sweat on there from the close of the day
using it no definitely especially out
here in the Sun it gets a little bit hot
key barrettes B so you got oil things
like that put your hands to get Cal some
rough sometimes a little bit cut from
the Rings and the bars but since this
feels nice and soft you're just able to
hold it and pull yourself up
kind of timeline